first the fragrant curry paste roast
coriander and cumin seeds into aromatic
[Music]
then grind adding crushed garlic chilli
powder turmeric and finely chopped
ginger
[Music]
bring together with olive oil to form a
thick paste for the soup by finely
chopped onions in olive oil
add the curry paste and cook to release
the flavors add cute potatoes chicken
stock and season when the potato has
softened stirring creamed corn
[Music]
then add whole sweet corn kernels with
some of the juices and transfer to a
blender and blitz until smooth
for texture add more whole sweet corn
heat and is ready to serve
[Music]
wonderfully satisfying curried spiced
sweet corn soup that packs an amazingly
aromatic punch